Add deployments oidc pages (#2750)
buildkite/docs: pages/deployments/oidc.md

---
keywords: oidc, authentication, IAM, roles
---

# OIDC with Buildkite

An OIDC token is a signed JSON Web Token (JWT) provided by Buildkite containing information about the pipeline and job, including the pipeline and organisation slugs, plus job specifics like the branch, the commit SHA, the job ID and the agent ID.

> The [Buildkite Agent's `oidc` command](/docs/agent/v3/cli-oidc) allows you to request an OIDC token representing the current job. These tokens can them be exchanged with federated systems like AWS to enable secure access to permissions within your cloud environments.

Author: ```suggestion
The [Buildkite Agent's `oidc` command](/docs/agent/v3/cli-oidc) allows you to request an OIDC token representing the current job. These tokens can then be exchanged with federated systems like AWS to enable authenticated access to roles with specific permissions to interact with your cloud environments.
```

---
keywords: oidc, authentication, IAM, roles
---

# OIDC with Buildkite

> An [Open ID Connect (OIDC)](https://openid.net/developers/how-connect-works/) token is a signed JSON Web Token (JWT) provided by Buildkite containing information about the pipeline and job, including the pipeline and organisation slugs, as well as job-specific data, such as the branch, the commit SHA, the job ID, and the agent ID.

Author: ```suggestion
An [Open ID Connect (OIDC)](https://openid.net/developers/how-connect-works/) token is a signed JSON Web Token (JWT) provided by the Buildkite Agent containing information about the pipeline and job, including the pipeline and organisation slugs, as well as job-specific data, such as the branch, the commit SHA, the job ID, and the agent ID.
```
